Jules Feiffer	 At sixteen I was stupid, confused and indecisive. At twenty-five I was wise, self-confident, prepossessing and assertive. At forty-five I am stupid, confused, insecure and indecisive. Who would have supposed that maturity is only a short break in adolesce
Franklin P. Adams	 Years ago we discovered the exact point the dead center of middle age. It occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net.
Cyril Connolly	 When young we are faithful to individuals, when older we grow loyal to situations and to types.
Albert Einstein	 People like you and I, though mortal of course like everyone else, do not grow old no matter how long we live...[We] never cease to stand like curious children before the great mystery into which we were born.
Carl Gustav Jung	 In the second half of life the necessity is imposed of recognizing no longer the validity of our former ideals but of their contraries. Of perceiving the error in what was previously our conviction, of sensing the untruth in what was our truth, and of wei
Sir Walter Scott	 Sound, sound the clarion, fill the fife! To all the sensual world proclaim, One crowded hour of glorious life Is worth an age without a name.
Bette Midler	 After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.
Oscar Wilde	 I have never admitted that I am more than twenty-nine, or thirty at the most. Twenty-nine when there are pink shades, thirty when there are not.
C. H. (Charles Haddon) Spurgeon	 The truest lengthening of life is to live while we live, wasting no time but using every hour for the highest ends. So be it this day.
Thomas Wolfe	 All things on earth point home in old October; sailors to sea, travellers to walls and fences, hunters to field and hollow and the long voice of the hounds, the lover to the love he has forsaken.
Edith Wharton	 In spite of illness, in spite even of the archenemy sorrow, one can remain alive long past the usual date of disintegration if one is unafraid of change, insatiable in intellectual curiosity, interested in big things, and happy in small ways.
Edith Wharton	 Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe, old age flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.
Bob Wells	 The tendency of old age to the body, say the physiologists, is to form bone. It is as rare as it is pleasant to meet with an old man whose opinions are not ossified.
Fay Weldon	 There's no such thing as old age, there is only sorrow.
Kurt Vonnegut	 True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Judith Viorst	 You end up as you deserve. In old age you must put up with the face, the friends, the health, and the children you have earned.
Pope Paul VI	 In youth the days are short and the years are long. In old age the years are short and day's long.
Bill Vaughn	 Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking.
Bill Vaughn	 Economists report that a college education adds many thousands of dollars to a man's lifetime income - which he then spends sending his son to college.
Bill Vaughn	 I'm an actor. And I guess I've done so many movies I've achieved some high visibility. But a star? I guess I still think of myself as kind of a worker ant.
Bill Vaughn	 The tax collector must love poor people - he's creating so many of them.
Bill Vaughn	 The whale is endangered, while the ant continues to do just fine.
Bill Vaughn	 It's hard for the modern generation to understand Thoreau, who lived beside a pond but didn't own water skis or a snorkel.
Bill Vaughn	 The wonderful world of home appliances now makes it possible to cook indoors with charcoal and outdoors with gas.
Bill Vaughn	 It would be nice if the poor were to get even half of the money that is spent in studying them.
Bill Vaughn	 A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
Bill Vaughn	 We hope that, when the insects take over the world, they will remember with gratitude how we took them along on all our picnics.
Bill Vaughn	 The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its prediction and then disappears.
Bill Vaughn	 An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves.
Bill Vaughn	 Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you're forced to.
Liv Tyler	 I cried on my 18th birthday. I thought 17 was such a nice age. You're young enough to get away with things, but you're old enough, too.
James Thurber	 Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man.
Henry David Thoreau	 None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Rabindranath Tagore	 Age considers; youth ventures.
Tom Stoppard	 Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Casey Stengel	 The trick is growing up without growing old.
Muriel Spark	 When a noble life has prepared old age, it is not decline that it reveals, but the first days of immortality.
Beverly Sills	 In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us.
George Bernard Shaw	 Youth is wasted on the young.
Mary Schmich	 Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Leo Rosten	 I will never give in to old age until I become old. And I'm not old yet!
Theodore Roosevelt	 Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
Eleanor Roosevelt	 Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.
John B. Priestly	 There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age - I missed it coming and going.
J. B. Priestley	 We pay when old for the excesses of youth.
Pablo Picasso	 It takes a long time to become young.
Satchel Paige	 How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
Friedrich Nietzsche	 When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe that you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory.
Dwight L. Moody	 Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement.
Golda Meir	 Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do.
Margaret Mead	 As long as any adult thinks that he, like the parents and teachers of old, can become introspective, invoking his own youth to understand the youth before him, he is lost.
Mignon McLaughlin	 There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later.
Andre Maurois	 Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.
Don Marquis	 Middle age is the time when a man is always thinking that in a week or two he will feel as good as ever.
C. S. Lewis	 How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete.
Sinclair Lewis	 Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age.
Stanislaw Lec	 Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
Louis Kronenberger	 Old age is an excellent time for outrage. My goal is to say or do at least one outrageous thing every week.
Victor Hugo	 Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age.
Bob Hope	 I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.
Bob Hope	 You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Bob Hope	 Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle.
Knut Hamsun	 In old age we are like a batch of letters that someone has sent. We are no longer in the past, we have arrived.
Ira Gershwin	 Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice; it whitens only the hair.
Charles de Gaulle	 Old age is a shipwreck.
Anatole France	 It was one of the deadliest and heaviest feelings of my life to feel that I was no longer a boy. From that moment I began to grow old in my own esteem -and in my esteem age is not estimable.
Gene Fowler	 He has a profound respect for old age. Especially when it's bottled.
Harrison Ford	 You know you're getting old when all the names in your black book have M. D. after them.
Henry Ford	 Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Calista Flockhart	 So people think I'm lying about my age all the time? It's the records that are wrong. I've never told anyone how old I am. The minute they ask me, I say 'That's none of your business.' So that means I've never once lied about my age. Now that's true!
Dorothy Canfield Fisher	 Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young.
Jim Fiebig	 Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone.
Jules Feiffer	 At sixteen I was stupid, confused and indecisive. At twenty-five I was wise, self-confident, prepossessing and assertive. At forty-five I am stupid, confused, insecure and indecisive. Who would have supposed that maturity is only a short break in adolescence?
Sam Ewing	 Inflation is when you pay fifteen dollars for the ten-dollar haircut you used to get for five dollars when you had hair.
Euripides	 Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
Ralph Waldo Emerson	 All diseases run into one, old age.
Leon Edel	 The answer to old age is to keep one's mind busy and to go on with one's life as if it were interminable. I always admired Chekhov for building a new house when he was dying of tuberculosis.
Emily Dickinson	 Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought.
Doris Day	 Middle age is youth without levity, and age without decay.
Doris Day	 The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it.
Bette Davis	 Old age is no place for sissies.
Bill Cosby	 Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.
Bill Cosby	 When you become senile, you won't know it.
Joan Collins	 The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.
Harold Coffin	 Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time starts catching up with Mother Nature.
Frank A. Clark	 We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it.
Marcus Tullius Cicero	 As I approve of a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I am no less pleased with an old man that has something of the youth. He that follows this rule may be old in body, but can never be so in mind.
Marcus Tullius Cicero	 Advice in old age is foolish; for what can be more absurd than to increase our provisions for the road the nearer we approach to our journey's end.
Agatha Christie	 An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
Maurice Chevalier	 A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.
Cato	 Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Albert Camus	 Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.
Martin Buxbaum	 Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty - they merely move it from their faces into their hearts.
George Burns	 You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Pearl S. Buck	 We should so provide for old age that it may have no urgent wants of this world to absorb it from meditation on the next. It is awful to see the lean hands of dotage making a coffer of the grave.
Robert Browning	 Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
Alan Bleasdale	 To resist the frigidity of old age, one must combine the body, the mind, and the heart. And to keep these in parallel vigor one must exercise, study, and love.
Brigitte Bardot	 It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
Francis Bacon	 I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
Lauren Bacall	 I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
Aristotle	 Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Henri Frederic Amiel	 I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
Amos Bronson Alcott	 While one finds company in himself and his pursuits, he cannot feel old, no matter what his years may be.
Amos Bronson Alcott	 To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age.
